New article: 2-factor authentication on Cloud (#4365)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Umbraco-Cloud/Set-Up/2-factor-authentication-on-cloud/index.md

---
versionFrom: 8.0.0
versionTo: 10.0.0
meta.Title: "2-factor authentication on Umbraco Cloud"
meta.Description: "This article shows you how you can enable 2-factor authentication for when you log in to the Umbraco Cloud Portal."
---

# 2-factor authentication on Umbraco Cloud

> On Umbraco Cloud, you can add 2-factor authentication for your Umbraco Cloud account using either email, phone or a authenticator app when logging in to the Umbraco Cloud Portal.

Author: ```suggestion
On Umbraco Cloud, you can add 2-factor authentication for your Umbraco Cloud account using either email, phone, or an authenticator app when logging in to the Umbraco Cloud Portal.
```

> ## Enabeling 2-factor authentication

Author: ```suggestion
## Enabling 2-factor authentication
```

> 2-factor authentication can be enabled when editing your Umbraco Cloud profile

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2-factor authentication can be enabled when editing your Umbraco Cloud profile.
```

To enable 2-factor-authentication follow these steps:

> 1. Go to your profile on Umbraco Cloud
> 2. In the profile settings section go to Edit profile
> 3. Choose the desired 2-factor authentication
> 4. Follow the steps shown to enable 2-factor authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Go to your profile on Umbraco Cloud.
2. Choose **Edit Profile** in the Profile Settings section.
3. Choose the desired 2-factor authentication.
4. Follow the steps shown to enable 2-factor authentication.
```

### Email authentication

> With email authentication you will get an email with a code that you need to enter when you log in to the Umbraco Cloud portal.

Author: ```suggestion
With email authentication, you will get an email with a code that you need to enter when you log in to the Umbraco Cloud portal.
```

![Email authentication](images/email-auth.png)

### Authenticator App

> With the authenticator app, you need to use an authenticator app when you log in to the Umbraco Cloud Portal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You have the option to use an Authenticator App when logging in to the Umbraco Cloud Portal.
```

> With authenticator app, you need to use a authenticator app when you log in to the Umbraco Cloud Portal.
> 
> You can use the Microsoft authenticator app for both iOS and android or any other authenticator app of your choice.

Author: ```suggestion
With the authenticator app, you need to use an authenticator app when you log in to the Umbraco Cloud Portal.

You can use the Microsoft Authenticator app for both iOS and android or any other authenticator app of your choice.
```

> You can use the Microsoft Authenticator app for both iOS and android or any other authenticator app of your choice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the Microsoft Authenticator App for both iOS and Android or any other authenticator app of your choice.
```

> ![Authenticator app](images/auth-app.png)

Reviewer 2: as mentioned in comment, ensure the image is not a valid QR code for your production account

### Phone Authentication

> With the phone authenticator, when you log in to the Umbraco Cloud portal, you can choose to either receive a SMS with a code to enter when login in or a call to log you in.

Author: ```suggestion
With the phone authenticator, when you log in to the Umbraco Cloud portal, you can choose to either receive an SMS with a code to enter when login in or a call to log you in.
```
